So I'm amazed as well. It was 13 years of not coding and then suddenly boom, I'm doing about 400x the amount of work that I was that year. The last time I was even sort of like twothirds of the time writing code. Maybe to start things off, how about we go back to the project that started it all off, which was Gary's list. Oh, yeah. And just like talk about a few months ago how you powered up Cloud Code and like started to get back to coding.

[01:54]>> It was right after one of the Lyon episodes, right?

[01:56]>> Oh yeah, definitely. I realized that I wanted to bring together all the people who believed what I believed um particularly for California. And so I started a uh 501c4 and now it's a C3 and a pack which is sort of what a lot of political groups do. Um it's a very common way to bring people together. You know, everyone focuses on the money but we're trying to bring together smart people. Um you know what I learned in the years of working in San Francisco politics is that bringing together people is so powerful and uh that's what a mass social movement is. And I said, "Okay, well, why don't I just make a website where we start doing that?" And it would just start with um why don't I start writing about the issues that I'm worried about? It's like I want children in school. You know, people watching

[02:46]this from all around the world might find it very very strange. Like I find it strange that uh it was not possible and still very very hard for a seventh grader or eighth grader in middle school in San Francisco public schools to be able to take algebra. And that was, you know, a math education thing. like you know if I didn't get to do that when I was in public schools in the East Bay of the Bay Area there's no way I would have studied engineering at Stanford I never would have written code I never would have been able to do any of these things so it was close to my heart and I realized like hey it's time to write code and I ended up building Posterous my first YC startup from 2008 >> what what was Posterous for people who don't remember it

[03:29]>> yeah Posterous was dead simple blogs by email it grew to be a top 200 website on the internet and then Twitter ended up buying it for about $20 million. So that was sort of like my first bag really. I actually built it again uh as Post Haven when Twitter um you know bought it for the amazing people that we had hired and uh they shut down the startup. It would have cost a couple million dollars to buy it back from Twitter and at the time I had no money in the world. So the next best thing was why don't I write it again? And then uh in January of this year I ended up writing it a third time.

[04:04]um only, you know, the first time it took about, you know, $4 million and, you know, six or seven people and about a year and a half. And then the second time it, you know, took about, I don't know, a h 100red grand and two people, me and my co-founder Brett Gibson, who now runs initialized, um, and maybe like three months or so.

[04:26]And then in this case it took about $200 which was my Claude Code Max account and probably five days fullfeatured blog platform does everything you want and then on top of that like full rag full um agentic retrieval like be able to you know sort of go out and read all of the internet like every tweet I've ever done recursive crawl deep research of any topic. The algebra thing is just one of a whole lot of different issues that we really really care about. And to be able to go ingest the internet, you know, see all the arguments for and against and then to craft incredibly detailed um reports on the back end about um what are all the quotables like I think people who are big followers of the Lyone might remember one of our first episodes about agentic uh systems with Jake Heler actually. So Jake created

[05:22]case text and he described exactly what I ended up building for basically journalistic uh long- form articles about any you know sort of issue or uh you know piece of news that was happening. And so you know anyone can go to gararys.org work today and you know we do about two or three relatively you know researched all fully sourced um articles about what's going on in California and San Francisco and LA and like how do we build a better government.

[05:50]>> This is the thing I feel like people missed about Gary's little don't fully get is that it's like the classic thing we've been talking about here which is like software was you build software to let people use it. So it's like you build a blogging platform and people like write blogs and maybe like they start their own substacks eventually or they write articles. But Gary's List is both blogging platform but it actually does the work of a highquality investigative journalist. It's not just something that a journalist uses to publish their articles.

[06:17]>> Yeah. I mean basically the for the equivalent of like5 or $10 of Opus calls. I mean, I would estimate that it does the work of like, you know, a real human being that would have to like go painstakingly through dozens of articles, read entire books about certain subjects, uh, annotate them. I mean, going back to the case text example, like the thing that Jake taught me was that you need to think about what a human would do with the context given.

[06:46]Like, what would it retrieve? Like, does it go to the library? What kind of book would it look for? what does it search on for search you know on the web I mean the great thing now is like you don't have to just do that like you can get perplexities API and you can do deep research there you have X's API you can do deep research there you know Grock's API if you need to like do research on X using the Grock API is actually very very good and you can just grab all of the context this is sort of going back to the philosophy of uh boil the ocean which is one of my essays it's like particularly when building agentic software now You don't have to settle for um what we did when we were humans writing the code like and that goes for

[07:27]research as well. What if you absolutely boiled the ocean like what is you know the total completionist like if you were a human this would take you about a month to do this research you can just you know zap the rocks harder. uh you know you pay more money and you might be token maxing but you should token max like basically if there is incremental work that makes something more complete more awesome more you know in the case of um this type of writing like we want it to be more representative of reality like you know we don't just settle for one source when we can get 20 sources and we can cross reference them we can figure out like well these 13 sources say this and the seven sources disagree with that and then you know you want to feed all of that context into like your

[08:15]core prompt and then you can basically make a better decision than what you would like just you know a human being clicking on a link reading a headline and that's all you understand and I think if you token max like that's actually the coolest thing you can do now and it's not just in you know generating articles it's not you know it's clearly in uh writing code right I think now it's it's going to permeate every part of society like every thing that we would call knowledge work could be token maxed and um I don't think that it means that we're going to get rid of people. I think it means that people need to still supply uh the agency like I need this like I'm the one who's sitting here caring about algebra like I want kids like me who couldn't afford private school you know San Francisco is

[09:02]the one city in the world that has the highest rate of private school attendance um probably in the entire country actually and that's not okay like you shouldn't have to be rich to have a good education and you know I don't know why that's controversial and so for me it's like this you know mass sort of shift in technology was happening and then uh I had a need and a want and a desire and it was a burning desire like I it hurts me and pains me to think about 10 12 13year-old kids who don't know algebra and like could have but uh some bureaucrat or you know some virtue signaling person in power says like actually I don't want that kid who wants to learn algebra to learn it. So I think in this process of basically solving your own pain and need from the

[09:53]young Gary and building Gary's list, you sort of discover a lot of patterns on token maxing and this new way of building that led you to the next project which was uh GStack.

[10:07]